Oracle-Application-Level-Encryption-Decryption
==============================================

Oracle based application level Encryption and Decryption utilities for 10g and 11g(AES enabled)



/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- FILE NAME        : ReadMe.txt
-- Generated By     : Exilant Technologies Private Limited
-- Description      : Instructions for installing the Error Logging & Encryption utility
-- Date             : May 18, 2012
-- Author           : Ex!lant Dev Team
-- Modification History:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--      When            Who                     What
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--      18/05/2012      Ex! Dev Team            Initial Version
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

1. Please place all the source code files provided in one single location ( preferably a single directory )
a. error_log.ddl
b. ex_crypto_pkg.ddl
c. ex_crypto_pkg_body.ddl
d. run_before_install.sql

2. Please run the file : run_before_install.sql to verify that there is no conflict with an existing object in your database.
If there are any objects in the list generated by script then you may wish to manually inspect the DB object(s) before executing 
the next steps to avoid any data / object loss.

3. Compile the script : error_log.ddl 
The script expects tablespace named 'ext_data_ts' to be present and accessible. 
Please replace the same with appropriate tablespace name OR remove the tablespace clause as applicable.

e.g : from unix prompt - after logging into oracle , fire the command
@error_log.ddl

4. Compile the script : ex_crypto_pkg.ddl

5. Execute wrap utility for hiding the  : 
E.g : In a unix box , which has oracle connectivity defined (i.e. $ORACLE, $TNS_HOME etc. are defined) execute this command
wrap iname=ex_crypto_pkg_body.ddl

This will generate a file named : ex_crypto_pkg_body.plb

Compile this file as usual : 
E.g : from unix prompt - after logging into oracle , fire the command
@ ex_crypto_pkg_body.plb

6. Verify that the encryption package is working properly by using the sample below:

SELECT ex_crypto.f_decrypt(ex_crypto.f_encrypt('Exilant Technologies Pvt. Ltd.')) FROM DUAL;

--This command will validate both encryption and decryption functions. For detailed function list , please refer to Usage Instructions.

7. Delete the source file(s) :
a. ex_crypto_pkg.ddl
b. ex_crypto_pkg_body.ddl
c. ex_crypto_pkg_body.plb

8. Uninstall process:
Please ensure that the error log table and logging procedure don't have any other dependency or are getting used anywhere.
Also, it is suggested to take a backup of error log table , in case the error logging module is to be used separately.

Compile the script :
uninstall_encryption.sql 

This will systematically remove all components installed as part of the crypto module.

